BUGS
    fixed
        ✅- speech button doesnt work
        ✅- tts doesnt work
        ✅- change the save button to submit
        ✅ - tts glitch where it just loops the text and never stops talking unless you sign out
        ✅- use haiku for all queries, never sonnet
    

    remaining
        ✅- takes a long time?
        ✅- have tts stop when entry is exited
        ✅- have volume button and theme toggle       visible in entries (only on mobile)
        ✅- have delete entry button visible inside entries
        ✅ save entry not only takes forever but also just freezes, the ai analyzation only works when you exit the entry and reload. please resolve this as it used to be so incredibly fast it was almost scary.
        ✅- TTS doesn't work while connected to a bluetooth device
        ✅- inability to scroll during entry while dictating 
        ❗- when i generate a new insight there is an  empty placeholder at the top of the screen that doesn't disappear until i refresh the page
        ❗- dictation on follow up should have a stop button that user has to press before mic stops listening
        
        iOS only
        ❗-dual entry creation glitch?
        ❗-TTS not working upon initial entry commit 
        ❗-Streak gone for no apparent reason
        ❗-have a stop button for mic feature in follow up 
        
UI/UX
    ✅replace browser tab logo

    ✅supabase entries encrypted
    
    ✅smooth transition between light/dark

    ✅have the option to dictate beyond just the first entry (after ai responds and you go to follow up the dictation feature is gone)

    ✅once signed in, stay signed in

    ✅ask for microphone permissions once

    ✅ability to delete entries   

    ✅ability to rename entries?


    ✅desktop UX
        ✅ -header issue
        ✅-make mobile view fill screen?
        ✅-in desktop, no way to go back to "home" screen while already in an entry
        ✅-drop shadow when hovering over entries for floating feel
        ✅-volume toggle should not appear in entry on desktop, rather only on mobile
        ❗- control+enter should = submit entry
Future features 
    -
    
    Pages
    ✅ -home 
            -
        ✅-edit mode
            -
        ❗-notebooks/spaces
            -
        ✅-about us
            -
        -breathing workouts/visualization?
            -
            
        ✅-settings
            -
        ✅other   
        ✅ -error screens / messaging


Other/misc
    ✅how to check API / other costs
    ✅how to get on appstore 
    ✅new name?
    ✅logo
    ❗how to handle things like subscriptions and API 
    ❗personal context?
    ❗have weekly insights be generated and saved for ability to view past insights in the future
        have past weekly insights preserve all insight data
    ❗move entry category buttons to search tab?
    ❗multiple models?
    ❗therapist / client side app distinction?
        - ability for therapist to tweak model
    ❗highest paid tier gives ability to change voices 
    ❗FAQ
    ❗about us / how we started / mission page 
    


for computer
    curl -o index.html https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hermextar/reflekt/main/index.html
    curl -o server.py https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hermextar/reflekt/main/server.py


EXPENSES LIST


    -claude API
    -openAI API
    -railway
    -supabase
    -ELEVENLABS API   

Notes by date
    04/08/26
        theres a few bugs that ive noticed on iOS (i still have to get my hands on an android to bug test there as well) 
        ❗1. there is no way i can refresh without quitting and reopening the app (id like to be able to pull down and see an animation like you see in most apps

        ☑️ 2. the ai response TTS doesn't read responses aloud (im assuming this problem is localized to iOS as a webkit issue?), however once ai has analyzed and responded to what ive said, if i swipe down into the control center of my phone and look at the "now playing section" where music usually resides, there is audio that i can press play on and the ai voice comes through: 

        ❗3. I can't see insights that i had already generated on my account from the website on my desktop

        ❗4. I do not want the user to be able to zoom in or out on the app, i want it to me stuck in the viewport size that we predetermined 
        
        ❗5. when generating new insights on all platforms, the same glitch happens where an empty insights slot remains at the top until page is refreshed

       ❗ 6. journal menu bar to low down on PWA (word journal gets cut off)

        ☑️ 7. mic shouldn't ask for permissions each time

       ❗ 8. on mobile it says "enter to send shift + enter for new line" it shouldn't say that on mobile, just desktop"

       ❗ 9. design new "rounder" "liquid glass style" menu bar (similar to calendar menu bar) for desktop/tablet

       ❗10. highlight feature gone?

       ❗11. custom delete (non apple) popup?

       ❗12. new background color

       ❗13. get rid of scroll bar on righthand side